feat(ble): randomize address at boot (#1543)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/bluetooth.md

The ability to configure which Bluetooth address is used and other capacity parameters like the MTU is planned in future updates.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> For compatibility reasons the MTU is fixed at 27 bytes.
>

> > The address is randomly generated at boot and configured as static random address.

Reviewer: I think we should phrase this in a way that makes supporting private addresses later not a breaking change:

```suggestion
> The device address is randomly generated at boot and may be periodically rotated.
>
> Current implementation: the address is a static device address and is not rotated during execution.
> We later plan to switch to private device addresses by default, which *are* rotated during execution.
```
